
Types of variables:
     There are 3 types of variables:
          -local
          -instance
          -static

 Local variables - are the variables which are created or declared
     inside the block of code (if else, loops, switch statements, methods)

 Upside:
      They occupy the memory for the shortest period of time, as soon as Java is
      done executing the block of code, the are remover from the memory.
The code that we write using local variable is very easy to debug.
 Downside:
      They can only be accessed within the block of code they are created

 Instance variables - are the vars which are created outside tha blocks
       of code (if else, switch, loops, methods) but inside a class.

 Upside:
    They can be accessed any where within the that class.

 Downside:
    They are created when an object of the class is created snd they will
 stay in the memory as long as that object is in the  memory whether you
 use them or not.

 Local vs Instance:
    Whenever it is possible go and create local variables. Only go with instance variables when
 you cant solve a problem with a local variables.
 A local variable can never be a static variable( meaning you cant put a static word with
 a local variable).

Static Variables:
    Static Variables are created inside a class but outside of a block of code.
 Static variables has one difference and it is a static keyword.
 They are created so everyone everywhere can have an access and use it.
Upside(SV):
    They are universal when it comes to scope and accessibility. Can be accessed anywhere anytime.
    We don't even need to create object of that class in which they are created
    we can simply write the name of the class and we can access it.
Downside(SV):
    Static variables occupy the memory for the longest of all.They are created eventhough you dont
    create any object of that class.

Uses Uses of types of local variable:
    local:
        When ever are solving any problem many times we need local variables to temporarely store data.
        In all of those cases you should be going with local variables.


local - temporary
instance- Long
static- permanent.




 NOTE: we will do a little bit of StringBuilders
